
This template by Cylotron Road provides a template for a company one pager that can communicate the company's solution, value, technology, and team to the recipient.

Credit: [Cyclotron Road](http://www.cyclotronroad.org)

{! search-content: !}

 
Company Profile
Founded: Dec 2015
Location: Berkeley CA
Industry: utility risk management
Technology: artificial intelligence
Status: pre-revenue start-up
Team
Exma China, Co-Founder, CEO
Pioneer in AI, doctorate in computer science, Stanford University
Rob Otto, Co-Founder, CTO
Ten years' robotics expert, doctorate in mechanical engineering, MIT
Advisors
Alan Turing, Victoria University
Allen Newell, RAND Corporation
Partners
SkyNet, WestWorld Entertainment
Financial Information
Non-Dilutive:  $1,000,000
Investments:  $1,000,000 (Seed)
Seeking:  $5,000,000 (Series A)
Financial Support
Cyclotron Road
National Science Foundation
ARPA-E
U.S. Department of Energy
RichGuy, LLC
Contact
Dr. Ma China
iamachine@awesome.com
m: (666) 666-6666
 
Awesome! Inc. 

We are the brains behind utility infrastructure risk management. 
Problem 
Describe the problem that you are addressing. Be precise, empiric and use actual data if it supports your cause of proving the existence and importance of the problem.
Solution
Explain your product or service in an easy to understand way. Focus on how you are going to solve the problem. Strictly avoid self praises here.
  MODEL DOG1.1   MODEL CAT0.5
Market
Give a short overview of the market, describing:1) your target customer – be as precise as possible by using demographics and motivators and try to draw a detailed profile of your typical users; 2) market size of your target market – a measurement of the total volume of a given market in $; 3) market growth of your target market – has the market been growing in the past years? Can further growth be expected? If yes, include this information as well.
Competitors
No matter what business you are in, you certainly have a few competitors. Don’t try to cheat yourself or investors by denying your competition. Be transparent; list 3-5 main competitors, including their strengths and weaknesses. A matrix is a decent way to display your competition by comparing your startup with your main competitors over relevant variables.
	Company A	Company B	Company C	Awesome!
Metric A				
Metric B				
Metric C				
Competitive Advantage
What is your unique selling proposition? What makes your startup unique and defensible? What is your secret sauce that makes you better than anyone else? Examples: Patents, One of a kind technology, Market leader status, Strong brand recognition, Huge community.
 
Business Model
State how you are going to earn money: subscription fees, commission on sales, etc.  What are your channels of distribution, how big is your gross margin? If you are pre-revenue and unsure about monetization, state likely sources, price ranges and data from market surveys or customer interviews. Depending on the business model, include important key performance indicators (KPIs) to better understand your business model and enable the investor to benchmark your case with other comparable startups. Examples for KPIs to include in this section can be: gross margins, account sizes, sales cycles, repurchase rate, and customer lifetime value.
Customer Traction
Engagements with potential customers. What potential customers say about your product--quotation. Note any joint development agreements, material transfer agreements, purchase orders, etc. 
Key Milestones 
Past and future proof that you can deliver. Examples: Secure government grant, Launch lab prototype, Close seed round, Close deal with company X.
	2015	2016	2017	2018
Technology		
	
Funding		
	
Team				
Business				

Funding
Complete this section is only if you are raising money. Address the following: How much money are you trying to raise and how are you planning to use it? Try to be as explicit as possible to show the investor that you have a well-elaborated plan on how you are actually going to use the money. It has proven to better use numbers rounded to the thousand (e.g. $ 123,000) than numbers rounded to the hundred thousands (e.g. $ 100,000). Although a lot of startups do, we don’t recommend to mention the valuation in the one-pager as this number is likely going to change during the fundraising process and can also vary among different investors. You don’t want to change this section all the time and leave the investor curious to come back at you when he is interested and wants to know your “price”.
 
Contact
Dr. Ma China
iamachine@awesome.com
m: (666) 666-6666


